Hello friends, my name is Jai Sharma and
you are welcome to our
[music]
youtube-dl
[music].
Now friends, let's talk
about the features of both the companies.
What features do both the companies provide you? What are the similarities between the two
and what are the differences between the two. Let's
talk about the company first.
ICICI Loard and Fairfix, both these
companies work together in India and
run the business of ICICI Loard.
If we talk about
hdfcfund.com, AC Loard is being run by two companies here
and AAC ACO is also dealt by two companies.
Both the companies have a co-operation
and both the companies run it together. If we
talk about cashless, then you are going to get more than Rs 12,000 in
cashless AC Loard. If we talk about
ADFC, then here you are going to get
more than Rs 8,200, which means there is
no problem in cashless, you will get it easily in both.
Talking about ROI,
both the companies are going to give you up to 7 years. If we
talk about ICICI Loard, then
here also you will get 7 years. Let's talk about
HDFC.  So here also you are going to get road cover for 6 years. If we
talk about claim settlement, then
your IC Lord has a claim settlement ratio of 97%. If you
can purchase from [Music] hdfcfund.com, let's talk about
[Music]
which company gives what. If we
talk about IC Lord, then you are getting Zero Top,
Consumer Cover, Engine Cover, Return to
Invoice, Tyre Cover, Personnel Building, Garage Cover, Key
Replacement, NCB Protection, Apart from this,
EMI Protection, Pay U Drive, PA Cover,
Driver Cover, Passenger Cover. IC Lord has a lot of
coverage and you are going to get a lot of
coverage. You can purchase almost all types of
coverage from this company.
But if we talk about ADAC, then
you get a little less coverage in ADAC.
You will get Zero Top, you will get oil cover,
engine cover, return to invoice,
tyre cover, you will get road support
assistant, key replacement, you will
also get NC protection.
Apart from that, PA Cover, Driver Cover, Passenger
Cover. Now here the coverage is a little less, it is
more in AC Load, but now  What is the difference,
see here you get P drive in AC load
but in ADFC R you are
not getting it right now but you will get it in future, let's talk about
e-protection, you are getting e-protection
but in AAC R
you are not getting e-protection,
apart from that, like garage cash cover,
you are getting it in AC amount, your AAC
R is not available in it, so you will get difference in two-three things
here, both the
companies are good but if we
talk in terms of features, AC gives you more
features, more cashless is available, you
can take E-claim from hdfcfund.com, so friends,
you get two claims in IC load, you
can take two claims in a year, if you go above that,
you will get comprehensive claim,
you can take any number of comprehensive claims
but in zero dep you will get only two,
here let's talk about ADFC ARG, there are
unlimited claims, take as many claims as you want in a year,
two claims, four claims, whenever
your car gets damaged, you can keep taking claims, there is
no problem in the loan  You will get two
or you are going to get unlimited. If we
talk about salvage charges, then Lumbard charges 5 rupees for salvage
charges. Similarly, if we
talk about ADAC, then it also charges you 5 rupees. So,
you get 5 rupees in both the companies
and if you request in both the companies, then it is
possible that they may waive off the
salvage charges or
reduce it a little. Let us talk about salvage charges,
friends, the salvage charge will be
000 rupees if your vehicle is less than 1500 cc.
If your vehicle is above 1500 cc,
then you will have to pay 000 rupees. The charges are same here
and same here. Both the
companies charge the same from you.
Talking about CNG and LPG, if you are installing additional CNG in
your vehicle and getting its
insurance updated, then whatever will be the value of CNG, the
company will charge you 4 rupees for that.
Similarly, if
you are adding any electrical accessories,
suppose you have got some separate electrical things
installed in your vehicle.  If they are there then
you can cover them as well, if you add them only
then they will be covered, so whatever will be
their value, whatever will be their bills, the
company will charge you at 4% for that,
if we talk about non-electrical then the
condition is the same there the company will charge you at 4%,
both the companies will charge you at 4% only in all the
three cases, be it
CNG, electrical accessories or
non-electrical accessories, if we talk about
no claim bonus then you get no claim
bonus up to 50,
this is the government rule in both the companies, in the first
year you will get zero, in the second year 20,
after that 25, then 35, 45 and then 50,
you get maximum at 50 only, if
you take a claim then it becomes zero, otherwise
it keeps increasing, so the maximum will go
up to 50, even if you do not take a claim it will
remain at 50 and both the
companies will give you up to 5%, now
you get insurance from these two companies or from any company
So
what all things do these companies cover, let's talk
about it, friends, they will cover accidents,
if your car meets with an accident, if
your car gets damaged due to an accident, then
both these companies will cover
natural calamities, if there is a
flood, your car gets swept away in the water, a
mountain falls, that is,
if your car gets damaged naturally, then
both the companies will cover you there too, let's talk about
theft, if the car is stolen then
also the company will cover you and
if there is a fire in the car, let's talk about fire,
if there is a fire then the company will
cover you and whatever expenses there will be, whatever
damages there will be in your car, then
both the companies will pay you as per your ID
or as much as your return to
invoice is,
now let's talk about the things that the not covered
companies will not cover you, let's
talk about wear and tear, wear
and tear are damages, small
scratches keep appearing on your car,
so these companies do not pay for all these,
you are using it daily  In those daily usages,
whatever scratches you get, whatever
damage you incur while driving your car,
then the company does not pay you.
Drink and drive: If you are
driving after drinking, then the company will not cover you.
Whatever expenses are incurred, you will have to
pay from your own pocket. The insurance company will
not pay you anything in that, be it
ICICI Bank or HDFC Bank. Let us
talk about without license,
if you are driving without license
or your license has expired
or you do not have it or you are
below 18 years of age, then the company will not pay you anything.
If an accident occurs, then
you will have to pay all the expenses from your pocket.
Apart from that, mechanical
breakdown means that if there is any problem in the vehicle that you use
daily, or if
your vehicle is meeting with an accident, then
the company is paying you.
But suppose there is a
problem in the gear box, which happens when you
use the vehicle daily, not when you drive, like if the
vehicle has driven for 500 km, then there is some problem
in the gear box.  If there is
a problem in the engine or there is any
other problem in the vehicle, whether it is in a movable
part or in the body of the vehicle,
whatever it is, the company will not pay you a single rupee.
If there is a mechanical fault, then the
company is not going to pay you anything. Loss
due to war, nuclear risk. If you are incurring
loss. If there is a war going on and
you are incurring loss in it. If there is a
nuclear risk, then the
company will not pay you anything.
It is the company's wish that if the company wants, the company
can pay or not pay,
but the company does not have any liability towards you.
If there is a war going on, there is a
nuclear risk from any country, then the company will
not pay. Both the companies do not pay. Let's
talk about sports activities,
if you use your vehicle
in sports activities, do stunts, are
using it for racing, then the
company will not pay you even a single rupee.
And both the companies will
not pay you even a single rupee. So friends, there is
not much difference in the features.
You get unlimited claims here.
You are getting two claims here, this is the only
difference, everything else is almost the
same from both the companies. Now
friends, let's talk about support, whenever
you take insurance from the company,
what should you do if you face any problem, so
friends, if any problem arises,
I have given the customer number of ASI Labad
18266, if we talk about
problem, if you are
facing any problem in policy endorsement, then you can do it, if you are facing
any problem in claim, then you can call
or if you want to make any changes in the policy, then
you can call customer care,
apart from that you
can also call or email on their customer email ID, ASI L's
is customersupport@c l.com, apart from that you can
also talk to hdfcfund.com, you can also email,
if you want more information about the things that I have told you
or about these companies, then
you can visit the company's website
and if it is icc lord then
icc.com but if
hdfcfund.com
Do let us know how you liked this video. If you liked the video, please
like it
and subscribe to the channel. If you think the
video is helpful,
you can share it with your friends.
[Music]
Thank you